$Id: INSTALL.txt,v 1.3.2.4.2.5.2.1 2009/08/20 14:42:52 psynaptic Exp $

INSTALLATION
------------

1. Follow the usual module installation procedure [1].

2. Download Shadowbox 3.0 from http://www.shadowbox-js.com/download.html.
   Both build and source versions work fine.

3. Extract the download and place it in sites/all/plugins so you have, for
   example: sites/all/plugins/shadowbox-build-3.0b

4. View the status report at admin/logs/status to check that Shadowbox is
   installed correctly.

5. Visit admin/settings/shadowbox to adjust the settings.

If you are experiencing any problems getting Shadowbox to work try clearing the
cache.

Note: Translations for the Shadowbox interface are currently handled by JS
files in the languages sub-directory of the downloaded Shadowbox distribution.
If your site uses a language that is not already catered for, you will need to
copy/edit/rename one of the related language files to suit your site.

If a language file is not found for the current language you will receive an
error message.


USAGE
-----

This module integrates with imagefield, imagecache and views to provide the
same field formatter options as those available in the excellent lightbox2
module [6].

Note: You need to install imagecache to see display options for fields in
nodes and views.

To manually activate Shadowbox for a link, you must inject the required rel
attribute. To open any link in Shadowbox just add a rel attribute with a
value of shadowbox (for compatibility with lightbox2 you can also use a value
of lightbox). Depending on your specific needs you may need to inject the
required attribute at the theme layer.

[6] http://drupal.org/project/lightbox2

Single Media Item

The important thing to note here is the rel attribute. This tells Shadowbox you
wish to activate it for this link. The title attribute is optional and can be
used to give a caption to the item.

  Exmaple:

  <a href="image.jpg" title="Caption" rel="shadowbox">Image</a>

Gallery

Media of mixed type can be grouped into a gallery using shadowbox[name] where
'name' is any value you wish to use for the current grouping of media. The
value of 'name' is only used internally by Shadowbox and won't be shown to the
user.

  Example:

  <a href="image1.jpg" title="Caption 1" rel="shadowbox[gallery]">Image 1</a>
  <a href="image2.jpg" title="Caption 2" rel="shadowbox[gallery]">Image 2</a>
  <a href="image3.jpg" title="Caption 3" rel="shadowbox[gallery]">Image 3</a>

iFrame

A useful feature of Shadowbox is the ability to open another website directly
on top of the current page.

  Example:

  <a href="http://google.com" title="Google" rel="shadowbox">Google</a>

Advanced Usage

Shadowbox allows you to specify options on a per-instance basis by using a
JSON-formatted parameter. More information on this feature can be found on the
Shadowbox usage page: http://mjijackson.com/shadowbox/doc/usage.html#markup

  Example:

  <a href="http://google.com" rel="shadowbox;width=740;height=380;
    options={overlayOpacity:1,resizeDuration:0.2};">Google</a>
